In this video, we're gonna take a look at the statistics.
So you see 'em over here on the statistics tab.
Now this is pretty self-explanatory and very basic,
and that's what we need, right?
We need to know how is our campaign performing so
that we're able to make adjustments.
And this simple tab here is gonna tell you everything.
So the first thing is you want to come over here
and you want to go ahead and choose the contest
that you're interested in seeing the statistics for,
and it's gonna show you active contests, right?
So if I pull this down, you can see there
are all the contests.
Now I pull up our case study here
and you can see it's gonna tell me the same data
that we saw on the dashboard.
So we have total impressions, uh,
we have our main subscribers.
These are people that subscribe through our main link.
We have, uh, our referral subscribers.
These are people that come through the players links,
and then it gives us our overall total subscribers.
And you can see, uh, this is the overall opt-in percentage,
which is if you add this guy
and this guy, you come up with this right here.
And if you're able to do this, this is mission accomplished.
This is what you want to be able to do.
And obviously this number, you want
to have higher than this number
because chances are if you just mailed your list,
well you have already got these subscribers.
But if you are posting your contest link on, uh, you know,
like your Facebook wall or on Instagram
or something like that, then well, hey, this counts as well.
Okay? Now if we look down at the bottom,
these are my entries.
And so these are statistics for my entries as well.
So I can see that 57% of people, uh, came in
through getting somebody else to join the contest.
So I had 13,929 people.
These are the referral subscribers.
And then if I come over here, uh,
this is another entry I had
where we had 'em sign up for the masterclass.
I got 4,635 people sign up for that.
Uh, this is where I wanted them to join a group.
2,356 people sign up for that.
And then we had an updated notification,
1,561 people sign up for that, right?
These are different entry types,
but you can see that I have the actual numbers of people
that did the entry, and then I have the percentage
of people that did the entry.
And then finally, I wanna point out that yes,
you can export, uh, all of your data as well just
by clicking on these two buttons here.
You can do it by individual campaign
or you can do all the campaigns at once.
Okay? So there you go.
That is your statistics set up
to just very quickly give you a quick snapshot
on, uh, what's happening.
Something that is very, very easy to understand and follow.
But make sure you keep tabs on this.